fix: Add CONTRIBUTING.md file (#61)
affinidi/vscode-extension: CONTRIBUTING.md

    if (stored) return stored

    const { wallets } = await walletClient.listWallets()
    await ext.context.globalState.update(key, wallets)

    return wallets
  }
}

export const walletState = new WalletState()
```

Now you can access wallet list like this:
```ts
import { walletState } from './features/wallet/walletState.ts'

const wallet = await walletState.getWalletById('wallet-id')
```

If you know that the cached data is no longer valid, call `walletState.clear()` method! For example, when new wallet has been added or existing one has been edited, etc.

Clearing the state is also necessary when user manually clicks on 'Refresh' button in the sidebar tree view. Otherwise, you don't need to update the cached data.

## Analytics & telemetry

In order to send an analytics event, use `sendEventToAnalytics()` method:
```ts
import { sendEventToAnalytics, EventNames, EventSubCategory } from './services/analyticsStreamApiService'

// ...

sendEventToAnalytics({
  name: EventNames.someEventName,
  subCategory: EventSubCategory.someEventSubCategory,
  metadata: { /* arbitrary event metadata if necessary */ },
})
```

## Messages

> We store all of our messages (errors, labels, etc.) in `src/messages/messages.ts` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We store all of our messages (errors, labels, etc.) in `src/messages/messages.ts` file. Additionally all of the user facing texts used in the `package.json` are stored in `package.nls.json`.
```

## Configuration & credentials

> Configuration of the extension and CLI is stored in the `~/.affinidi/config.json` file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configurations of the extension and CLI are stored in the `~/.affinidi/config.json` file.  This file persists even after user log out.
```
